Go ahead.
You are the wooden donkey.
You are, let's talk
It seems that you like your sister very much
What do you want?
Don't want to do anything
I just want to help you win your sister's heart
So what if it's his brother?
You are not related by blood
Why can't we be together?
Do you think he is happy with Chen Xunan?
Every day is either hurt or shed tears
He's not happy at all.
Why is it not you who can make him happy?
Yes!
Why can't I be the one who can make him happy?
Near the water, the platform gets the moon first
You don't give up.
Such a good wine
Why are you telling me this?
Because I like Mr. Chen
I've been obsessed with you since the first time I met him
I have loved Lee since I was a child
I can see it in your eyes
Why can outsiders see that I like him?
He himself never knew
You don't need to worry about our business
Zhizhi, let's have some snacks
What are you doing so busy as a customer service?
What customer service?
Brother, I put your words online
Many people are willing to pay a high price for you
Everyone loves your work
Brother, are you angry?
I just want more people to see your work
How come?
Do what you want
Brother, I will never be angry with you.
But speaking of
You see, I was so ugly when I was a kid
How come?
In my heart, you have always been the most beautiful